# HR-Analytics
Applied various Algorithms like DECISION TREE, LOGISTIC REGRESSION AND KNN and Developed model to predict whether the candidate is going to Promote or Not.  Problem Statement: Your client is a large MNC and they have 9 broad verticals across the organisation. One of the problem your client is facing is around identifying the right people for promotion (only for manager position and below) and prepare them in time. Currently the process, they are following is: 1. They first identify a set of employees based on recommendations/ past performance 2.  Selected employees go through the separate training and evaluation program for each vertical. These programs are based on the required skill of each vertical 3.  At the end of the program, based on various factors such as training performance, KPI completion (only employees with KPIs completed greater than 80% are considered) etc., employee gets promotion. 
Problem Statement:
Your client is a large MNC and they have 9 broad verticals across the organisation. One of the problem your client is facing is around identifying the right people for promotion (only for manager position and below) and prepare them in time. Currently the process, they are following is:
1. They first identify a set of employees based on recommendations/ past performance
2.  Selected employees go through the separate training and evaluation program for each vertical. These programs are based on the required skill of each vertical
3.  At the end of the program, based on various factors such as training performance, KPI completion (only employees with KPIs completed greater than 80% are considered) etc., employee gets promotion.
